<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [constructor][1]
*   [onResize][2]
    *   [Parameters][3]
*   [updateOcclusionVisibility][4]
    *   [Parameters][5]
*   [attachLight][6]
    *   [Parameters][7]
*   [startLoadingScreen][8]
*   [removeLoadingScreen][9]
*   [loadModel][10]
    *   [Parameters][11]
*   [create\_copy][12]
    *   [Parameters][13]
*   [delete\_copy][14]
    *   [Parameters][15]
*   [delete\_model][16]
    *   [Parameters][17]
*   [loadTexture][18]
    *   [Parameters][19]
*   [addSimpleSceneWithTable][20]
    *   [Parameters][21]
*   [addSimpleSceneWithoutTable][22]
    *   [Parameters][23]
*   [addSceneFromJson][24]
    *   [Parameters][25]
*   [addInteractiveCupboard][26]
    *   [Parameters][27]
*   [setupProductInteractions][28]
    *   [Parameters][29]
*   [update][30]
    *   [Parameters][31]
*   [createTooltip][32]
*   [updateProductInteractions][33]
    *   [Parameters][34]
*   [Show\_tips][35]
*   [addButtonToNavbar][36]
    *   [Parameters][37]
*   [addDropdownToNavbar][38]
    *   [Parameters][39]
*   [changeTextOfButton][40]
    *   [Parameters][41]
*   [changeTextOfDropdown][42]
    *   [Parameters][43]
*   [getWindowWidth][44]
*   [getWindowHeight][45]
*   [getPermanentModal][46]
    *   [Parameters][47]
*   [AddButtonToModal][48]
    *   [Parameters][49]
*   [AddSliderToModal][50]
    *   [Parameters][51]
*   [AddCheckboxToModal][52]
    *   [Parameters][53]
*   [AddDropDownToModal][54]
    *   [Parameters][55]
*   [AddColorPickerToModal][56]
    *   [Parameters][57]
*   [AddSeparatorToModal][58]
*   [AddLabelToModal][59]
    *   [Parameters][60]
*   [ClearFormModal][61]
*   [ToggleCollapseModal][62]
    *   [Examples][63]
*   [CollapseModal][64]
    *   [Examples][65]
*   [ExpandModal][66]
    *   [Examples][67]
*   [init][68]
*   [resize][69]
    *   [Parameters][70]
*   [isObjectFullyOccluded][71]
    *   [Parameters][72]

## constructor

Constructs a new Framework object with a default scene, camera, and renderer.
To get the scene, camera, and renderer, use the mainParameters attribute.

## onResize

Function to enable or disable the resizing and centered of the application.
It helps to keep all object at there place and with the right size when the window is resized.

### Parameters

*   `$0` **[Object][73]**  (optional, default `{}`)

    *   `$0.renderer` &#x20;
    *   `$0.window` &#x20;
    *   `$0.camera` &#x20;
    *   `$0.enabled` &#x20;
*   `renderer` **THREE.WebGLRenderer** The renderer responsible for rendering the scene.
*   `window` **[Window][74]** The browser window containing the Three.js canvas.
*   `camera` **THREE.PerspectiveCamera** The camera used to view the scene, typically a PerspectiveCamera.
*   `enabled` **[boolean][75]** A boolean to enable or disable the resizing. Defaults to true.

## updateOcclusionVisibility

Updates the occlusion visibility of objects in the scene to optimize performance.
Objects that are far from the camera or completely occluded by other objects will be hidden.
Only objects of type THREE.Mesh will be considered for occlusion visibility.

### Parameters

*   `camera` **THREE.Camera** The camera position, from which the raycasting will start.
*   `cameraDistanceThreshold` **[number][76]** The maximum distance at which to check for occlusion.
    Objects farther than this threshold will be hidden automatically.
*   `raycaster` **THREE.Raycaster** The raycaster used for detecting intersections between objects.
*   `direction` **THREE.Vector3** A reusable vector to specify the direction of the raycasting.

## attachLight

Attach a light to an object in the scene with the specified color and intensity.
The light is positioned above the object, slightly offset in the y-direction.

### Parameters

*   `object` **THREE.Object3D** The object to which the light will be attached.
*   `$1` **[Object][73]**  (optional, default `{}`)

    *   `$1.color` &#x20;
    *   `$1.intensity` &#x20;
    *   `$1.name` &#x20;
*   `color` **[string][77]** The color of the light, specified as a hexadecimal string.
*   `intensity` **[number][76]** The intensity of the light, typically between 0 and 1.

Returns **THREE.DirectionalLight** The created light object.

## startLoadingScreen

Begin the loading screen when we want to wait for model to be loaded.

Returns **[HTMLElement][78]** The created loading screen element.

## removeLoadingScreen

Remove the loading screen.

## loadModel

Loads a 3D model from a specified path and adds it to the scene with a given name and size.
The model is set to invisible after loading. To get back the model, use .then() to give the model to a variable you have already defined.

### Parameters

*   `path` **[string][77]** The path to the GLTF model file.
*   `name` **[string][77]** The name to assign to the loaded model.
*   `$2` **[Object][73]**  (optional, default `{}`)

    *   `$2.size` &#x20;
    *   `$2.timeToWait` &#x20;
    *   `$2.visible` &#x20;
    *   `$2.position` &#x20;
    *   `$2.rotation` &#x20;
*   `size` **[number][76]** The scale factor to apply to the model after loading.
*   `timeToWait` **[number][76]** The delay (in milliseconds) to wait after loading the model.
*   `visible` **[boolean][75]** A boolean to set the visibility of the model after loading.
*   `position` **[Object][73]** The position to set the model after loading.
*   `rotation` **[Object][73]** The rotation to set the model after loading.

Returns **THREE.Object3D** The loaded model object.

## create\_copy

Creates a copy of an existing model in the scene, using the specified name and size.
The copied model is positioned at the origin (0, 0, 0) and made visible.
The name of the copy is generated by appending "\_copy" followed by an incrementing index or an index given when the function is call.

### Parameters

*   `name` **[string][77]** The name of the model to copy.
*   `$1` **[Object][73]**  (optional, default `{}`)

    *   `$1.size` &#x20;
    *   `$1.counter` &#x20;
    *   `$1.timeToWait` &#x20;
    *   `$1.position` &#x20;
    *   `$1.rotation` &#x20;
*   `size` **[number][76]** The scale factor to apply to the copied model. (optional, default `1`)
*   `counter` **[number][76]** It can add a number to append to the copied model name. If nothing is given, it will resume its own naming. (optional, default `0`)
*   `timeToWait` **[number][76]** The delay (in milliseconds) to wait after creating the copy. (optional, default `100`)
*   `position` **[Object][73]** The position to set the copied model. (optional, default `{x:0,y:0,z:0}`)
*   `rotation` **[Object][73]** The rotation to set the copied model. (optional, default `{x:0,y:0,z:0}`)

Returns **THREE.Object3D** The created copy object.

## delete\_copy

Deletes a copy of a model in the scene with the specified name.

### Parameters

*   `name` **[String][77]** The name of the model to delete

Returns **[Boolean][75]** Returns true if the copy was deleted, false otherwise.

## delete\_model

Deletes all copies of a model in the scene with the specified name with the original model.

### Parameters

*   `name` **any** The name of the model to delete

Returns **[Boolean][75]** Returns true if the copies were deleted, false otherwise.

## loadTexture

Load a texture from a specified path and apply it to a material with optional repeat.
The texture is set to repeat in both the S and T directions by default.

### Parameters

*   `path` **[string][77]** The path to the texture image file.
*   `$1` **[Object][73]**  (optional, default `{}`)

    *   `$1.repeatHorizontal` &#x20;
    *   `$1.repeatVertical` &#x20;
    *   `$1.repeat` &#x20;
*   `repeatHorizontal` **[number][76]** The number of times to repeat the texture in the horizontal direction. (optional, default `1`)
*   `repeatVertical` **[number][76]** The number of times to repeat the texture in the vertical direction. (optional, default `1`)
*   `repeat` **[number][76]** The number of times to repeat the texture in both directions. (optional, default `1`)

Returns **THREE.Texture** The loaded texture object.

## addSimpleSceneWithTable

Create a simple scene with a box geometry and apply textures to its faces.
The box is centered at the origin (0, 0, 0) and has dimensions specified by the 'dimensions' object.
To access to the top layer of the table, use the name you initilized the table with and .children\[0].

### Parameters

*   `$0` **[Object][73]**  (optional, default `{}`)

    *   `$0.width` &#x20;
    *   `$0.depth` &#x20;
    *   `$0.YoffSet` &#x20;
    *   `$0.widthSpace` &#x20;
    *   `$0.heightSpace` &#x20;
    *   `$0.floor` &#x20;
    *   `$0.wall` &#x20;
    *   `$0.ceiling` &#x20;
*   `width` **Integer** The width of the table.
*   `depth` **Integer** The depth of the table.
*   `YoffSet` **Integer** The Y offset of the table.
*   `widthSpace` **Integer** The width of the space between the table and the wall.
*   `heightSpace` **Integer** The height of the space between the table and the ceiling.
*   `floor` **[string][77]** The path to the texture image file for the floor. By default, it is a wood floor.
*   `wall` **[string][77]** The path to the texture image file for the walls. By default, it is a brick wall.
*   `ceiling` **[string][77]** The path to the texture image file for the ceiling. By default, it is a wood ceiling.

Returns **THREE.Mesh** The created box mesh object.

## addSimpleSceneWithoutTable

Add a scene with a box geometry and apply textures to its faces. The floor is at YoffSet beginning at (0,0,0).

### Parameters

*   `$0` **[Object][73]**  (optional, default `{}`)

    *   `$0.width` &#x20;
    *   `$0.height` &#x20;
    *   `$0.YoffSet` &#x20;
    *   `$0.floor` &#x20;
    *   `$0.wall` &#x20;
    *   `$0.ceiling` &#x20;
*   `width` **Integer** The width of the box.
*   `height` **Integer** The height of the box.
*   `YoffSet` **Integer** The Y offset of the box.
*   `floor` **[String][77]** The path to the texture image file for the floor. By default, it is a wood floor.
*   `wall` **[String][77]** The path to the texture image file for the walls. By default, it is a brick wall.
*   `ceiling` **[String][77]** The path to the texture image file for the ceiling. By default, it is a wood ceiling.

## addSceneFromJson

Function to add a scene from an existing json file

### Parameters

*   `path` **[String][77]** The path to the json file

## addInteractiveCupboard

Creates an interactive cupboard/cabinet with product display capabilities.
This cupboard will be added to the scene and can be interacted with.

### Parameters

*   `options` **[Object][73]** Configuration options (optional, default `{}`)

    *   `options.width` **[number][76]** Width of the cupboard (optional, default `80`)
    *   `options.depth` **[number][76]** Depth of the cupboard (optional, default `100`)
    *   `options.height` **[number][76]** Height of the cupboard (optional, default `10`)

Returns **[Object][73]** The created cupboard object

## setupProductInteractions

Sets up interactive capabilities for product viewing in the cupboard.
Initializes raycasting and event listeners for hover and click interactions.

### Parameters

*   `cupboard` **[Object][73]** The cupboard object to add interaction to

## update

Updates interactive elements and raycasting in the scene.
Should be called in the animation loop to keep interactions current.

### Parameters

*   `camera` **THREE.Camera** The camera used for raycasting and interaction

## createTooltip

Creates a tooltip element for displaying information about hovered products.
The tooltip appears near the cursor when hovering over interactive elements.

## updateProductInteractions

Updates product interactions by performing raycasting from the camera.
Handles hover states and tooltip visibility based on cursor position.

### Parameters

*   `camera` **THREE.Camera** The camera to use for raycasting

## Show\_tips

Creates tips/tooltips for interactive elements in the scene.
Sets up event listeners for hovering and clicking on interactive objects.

Returns **[HTMLElement][78]** The created tooltip element

## addButtonToNavbar

Add a button to the navbar with the specified text and onclick function.

### Parameters

*   `$0` **[Object][73]**  (optional, default `{}`)

    *   `$0.textButton`   (optional, default `"click me"`)
    *   `$0.onclickFunction`   (optional, default `()=>alert("click")`)
    *   `$0.hover`   (optional, default `true`)
    *   `$0.classesOfTheButton`   (optional, default `["a"]`)
*   `textButton` **[string][77]** The text to display on the button.
*   `onclickFunction` **[Function][79]** The function to execute when the button is clicked.
*   `hover` **[boolean][75]** A boolean to enable or disable hover effects on the button. Defaults to true. (optional, default `true`)
*   `classesOfTheButton` **[Array][80]<[string][77]>** An array of classes to apply to the button element. (optional, default `["a"]`)

Returns **[HTMLElement][78]** The created button element.

## addDropdownToNavbar

Add a dropdown menu to the navbar with the specified text and list of dropdown items.
Each dropdown item is an object with a 'text' property and an 'onClick' function.

### Parameters

*   `$0` **[Object][73]**  (optional, default `{}`)

    *   `$0.textButton` &#x20;
    *   `$0.dropdownList` &#x20;
*   `textButton` **[string][77]** The text to display on the dropdown button.
*   `dropdownList` **[Array][80]<{text: [string][77], onClick: [Function][79]}>** An array of dropdown items.

Returns **[HTMLElement][78]** The created dropdown button element.

## changeTextOfButton

Change the text which is displayed on the button at the specified index in the navbar.

### Parameters

*   `buttonNumber` **Integer** The button which text will be changed. Value between 1 and +infinity
*   `newText` **[String][77]** The text which will replace the current text of the button

## changeTextOfDropdown

Change the text which is displayed on the dropdown button at the specified index in the navbar.

### Parameters

*   `dropdownNumber` **Integer** The dropdown which text will be changed. Value between 1 and +infinity
*   `dropBoxToChange` **Integer** The dropbox which text will be changed. Value between 0 and the number of button in the drop down.
*   `newText` **[String][77]** The text which will replace the current text of the dropdown

## getWindowWidth

Get the width of the browser window.

Returns **[number][76]** The width of the browser window in pixels.

## getWindowHeight

Get the height of the browser window.

Returns **[number][76]** The height of the browser window in pixels.

## getPermanentModal

Creates a customizable modal window for controls, parameters, and user interaction.
The modal can be dragged, styled with different themes, and populated with various UI elements.

### Parameters

*   `options` **[Object][73]** Configuration options for the modal (optional, default `{}`)

    *   `options.title` **[string][77]** The title displayed in the modal header (optional, default `"Parameters"`)
    *   `options.draggable` **[boolean][75]** Whether the modal can be moved by dragging (optional, default `true`)
    *   `options.showCloseButton` **[boolean][75]** Whether to show a close button in the modal (optional, default `true`)
    *   `options.position` **[Object][73]?** Initial position of the modal

        *   `options.position.right` **[number][76]** Distance from right edge as percentage (optional, default `10`)
        *   `options.position.top` **[number][76]** Distance from top edge as percentage (optional, default `10`)
    *   `options.width` **[string][77]** Width of the modal (CSS value) (optional, default `"300px"`)
    *   `options.visible` **[boolean][75]** Whether the modal is initially visible (optional, default `true`)
    *   `options.id` **[string][77]** Unique ID for the modal element (optional, default `"controlPanel"`)
    *   `options.theme` **[string][77]** Color theme ("light" or "dark") (optional, default `"light"`)

Returns **[Object][73]** An object containing methods to interact with the modal

## AddButtonToModal

Adds a button to the modal with customizable styling and behavior.

### Parameters

*   `text` **[string][77]** Text displayed on the button
*   `onClick` **[Function][79]** Function to execute when the button is clicked
*   `options` **[Object][73]** Button styling options (optional, default `{}`)

    *   `options.width` **[string][77]** Width of the button (CSS value) (optional, default `"80%"`)
    *   `options.color` **[string][77]** Background color of the button (optional, default `"#4CAF50"`)
    *   `options.textColor` **[string][77]** Text color of the button (optional, default `"white"`)
    *   `options.hoverColor` **[string][77]** Background color when hovering (optional, default `"#45a049"`)

Returns **[HTMLElement][78]** The created button element

## AddSliderToModal

Adds a slider input to the modal for selecting numeric values.

### Parameters

*   `label` **[string][77]** Text label for the slider
*   `min` **[number][76]** Minimum value of the slider
*   `max` **[number][76]** Maximum value of the slider
*   `value` **[number][76]** Initial value of the slider
*   `onChange` **[Function][79]** Function called when the slider value changes
*   `options` **[Object][73]** Additional configuration options (optional, default `{}`)

    *   `options.step` **[number][76]** Step increment for the slider (optional, default `1`)
    *   `options.formatValue` **[Function][79]?** Function to format the displayed value

Returns **[Object][73]** Object containing the slider, valueDisplay, and container elements

## AddCheckboxToModal

Adds a checkbox input to the modal.

### Parameters

*   `label` **[string][77]** Text label for the checkbox
*   `checked` **[boolean][75]** Initial checked state of the checkbox
*   `onChange` **[Function][79]** Function called when the checkbox state changes

Returns **[Object][73]** Object containing the checkbox and container elements

## AddDropDownToModal

Adds a dropdown select input to the modal.

### Parameters

*   `label` **[string][77]** Text label for the dropdown
*   `options` **[Array][80]<[Object][73]>** Array of options for the dropdown

    *   `options[].value` **[string][77]** Value of each option
    *   `options[].label` **[string][77]?** Display text for each option (defaults to value if not provided)
*   `selectedValue` **[string][77]** Initially selected value
*   `onChange` **[Function][79]** Function called when the selected option changes

Returns **[Object][73]** Object containing the select and container elements

## AddColorPickerToModal

Adds a color picker input to the modal.

### Parameters

*   `label` **[string][77]** Text label for the color picker
*   `initialColor` **[string][77]** Initial color value in hexadecimal format (e.g., "#FF0000")
*   `onChange` **[Function][79]** Function called when the selected color changes

Returns **[Object][73]** Object containing the colorPicker, valueDisplay, and container elements

## AddSeparatorToModal

Adds a horizontal line separator to the modal.

Returns **[HTMLElement][78]** The created separator element

## AddLabelToModal

Adds a text label to the modal with customizable styling.

### Parameters

*   `text` **[string][77]** Text content of the label
*   `options` **[Object][73]** Styling options for the label (optional, default `{}`)

    *   `options.align` **[string][77]** Text alignment ("left", "center", or "right") (optional, default `"left"`)
    *   `options.bold` **[boolean][75]** Whether to display the text in bold (optional, default `false`)
    *   `options.fontSize` **[string][77]** Font size (CSS value) (optional, default `"inherit"`)
    *   `options.color` **[string][77]** Text color (optional, default `"inherit"`)

Returns **[HTMLElement][78]** The created label element

## ClearFormModal

Clears all content from the modal form container.

## ToggleCollapseModal

Toggles the collapsed state of the modal with a smooth animation.
When collapsed, only the header is visible; when expanded, all content is shown.

### Examples

```javascript
// Get a modal instance first
const modal = fw.getPermanentModal({title: "Settings"});
// Then toggle its collapsed state
modal.ToggleCollapseModal();
```

Returns **void**&#x20;

## CollapseModal

Collapses the modal to show only the header with a smooth animation.
If the modal is already collapsed, this method has no effect.

### Examples

```javascript
// Get a modal instance first
const modal = fw.getPermanentModal({title: "Settings"});
// Then collapse it
modal.CollapseModal();
```

Returns **void**&#x20;

## ExpandModal

Expands the modal to show all content with a smooth animation.
If the modal is already expanded, this method has no effect.

### Examples

```javascript
// Get a modal instance first
const modal = fw.getPermanentModal({title: "Settings"});
// Then expand it
modal.ExpandModal();
```

Returns **void**&#x20;

## init

Private function to initialize the scene, camera and renderer.

Returns **[Object][73]** Returns an object containing the scene, camera and renderer.

## resize

Private function to resize the renderer and camera when the browser window is resized.

### Parameters

*   `renderer` **any** the renderer responsible for rendering the scene.
*   `window` **any** the browser window containing the Three.js canvas.
*   `camera` **any** the camera used to view the scene, typically a PerspectiveCamera.

## isObjectFullyOccluded

Private function to check if an object is fully occluded by other objects in the scene.

### Parameters

*   `object` **any** The object to check for occlusion.
*   `camera` **any** The camera position, from which the raycasting will start.
*   `cameraDistanceThreshold` **any** The maximum distance at which to check for occlusion.
*   `raycaster` **any** The raycaster used for detecting intersections between objects.
*   `direction` **any** A reusable vector to specify the direction of the raycasting.

Returns **[boolean][75]** Returns true if the object is fully occluded, false otherwise.

[1]: #constructor

[2]: #onresize

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #updateocclusionvisibility

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #attachlight

[7]: #parameters-2

[8]: #startloadingscreen

[9]: #removeloadingscreen

[10]: #loadmodel

[11]: #parameters-3

[12]: #create_copy

[13]: #parameters-4

[14]: #delete_copy

[15]: #parameters-5

[16]: #delete_model

[17]: #parameters-6

[18]: #loadtexture

[19]: #parameters-7

[20]: #addsimplescenewithtable

[21]: #parameters-8

[22]: #addsimplescenewithouttable

[23]: #parameters-9

[24]: #addscenefromjson

[25]: #parameters-10

[26]: #addinteractivecupboard

[27]: #parameters-11

[28]: #setupproductinteractions

[29]: #parameters-12

[30]: #update

[31]: #parameters-13

[32]: #createtooltip

[33]: #updateproductinteractions

[34]: #parameters-14

[35]: #show_tips

[36]: #addbuttontonavbar

[37]: #parameters-15

[38]: #adddropdowntonavbar

[39]: #parameters-16

[40]: #changetextofbutton

[41]: #parameters-17

[42]: #changetextofdropdown

[43]: #parameters-18

[44]: #getwindowwidth

[45]: #getwindowheight

[46]: #getpermanentmodal

[47]: #parameters-19

[48]: #addbuttontomodal

[49]: #parameters-20

[50]: #addslidertomodal

[51]: #parameters-21

[52]: #addcheckboxtomodal

[53]: #parameters-22

[54]: #adddropdowntomodal

[55]: #parameters-23

[56]: #addcolorpickertomodal

[57]: #parameters-24

[58]: #addseparatortomodal

[59]: #addlabeltomodal

[60]: #parameters-25

[61]: #clearformmodal

[62]: #togglecollapsemodal

[63]: #examples

[64]: #collapsemodal

[65]: #examples-1

[66]: #expandmodal

[67]: #examples-2

[68]: #init

[69]: #resize

[70]: #parameters-26

[71]: #isobjectfullyoccluded

[72]: #parameters-27

[73]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[74]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Window

[75]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[76]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[77]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[78]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[79]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[80]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array
